Amazon announced only women hiring event on June 2021 (Amazon WOW 2021). There was portal where we had to register ourselves. Then an invite for exam is sent to us.

Written Test:

Screening test: Computer fundamentals and 1 easy coding question.
Standard amazon placement test (Debugging, coding, workstyles assessment, aptitude)
Interview:

1 round for 2months summer internship
2 rounds for 6months (January – June) internship
3 rounds for FTE
The results of test were given on September 7th, 2021. But the interviews are scheduled very late for 2022 passouts. My first round was scheduled on November 17th, 2021. The whole process took 4 months from the first test. Keeping patient is the key.
Round 1(November 17th, 2021): The interviewer was Quality Assurance Manager. It was a 1hour round on Amazon chime, the interviewer gave his intro and asked mine. Then he right away gave the ques.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.geeksforgeeks.org/sort-array-converting-elements-squares/amp/. First, I had to tell my approach then, I had to code.
https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/burning-tree/1. I solved both of them. Some time was left and he asked me if I have any questions for him. I asked him about how they decide what kind of projects to be assigned to a fresher. He explained it.
Received a mail regarding round 2 next day

Round 2(November 18th, 2021): The interviewer was SDE II. The interviewer introduced himself and asked for mine. Then he asked me a bit about my intern project. Just some basic ques. Then he gave me ques to solve.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-binary-tree-print-all-root-to-leaf-paths/amp/. Here I had to return the paths as an array of linked lists. I stored all paths in a 2d array and created linked lists later.
Some time stamps were given with call id, and call start time, end time, call failure. We have to calculate total call duration for each call id. It was very simple and due to lack of time I just had to tell him my approach.
Then he asked me if I had any questions for him. I asked him about the work culture and his experience over there and exactly what kind of projects he work on.
After 6 days I received a call from HR on 24th November informing I have cleared round 2 and I have round 3 on same day. Then again it was rescheduled to next day.

Round 3(November 25th, 2021): The interviewer was a SDM with 5years experience at amazon. She joined 15min late. 

She gave her intro and asked mine. Then she asked me to explain my project and write 2-3lines of basic algorithm I have used for my project. Then she asked about a time when I had tight deadlines and how did I handle it.
Then she gave me ques to solve. She was in lot of hurry she did not let me explain everything completely. I was cut off in middle while explaning the projects.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stock-buy-sell/. Explained my approach and coded within 5mins.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.geeksforgeeks.org/given-a-number-find-next-smallest-palindrome-larger-than-this-number/amp/. This was tough question but luckily I have seen it before in amazon interview experiences on GFG. So I could solve it. I had to write the pseudo code since she was on hurry.
Then she asked me if I had any questions. I asked about the training given to freshers. She explained about it. Then I asked how did she become SDE I to SDM in 5 years and said that it was really admirable. She gave a compliment that researching on her shows my interest in the field and I am proactive which is exactly needed for this kind of job. Brownie points?. And that concluded the session
Received an email informing that I am given an offer at Amazon as FTE on December 1st, 2021.Thanks to GFG, Leetcode, Interviewbit.
VERDICT: SELECTED.

Tips:

Read the interview experiences as many as possible they help a lot.
Always ask questions to the interviewer in the end of interview.
Be honest and keep cool.
Prepare some behavioural questions before giving the interview.
It’s better if you have practiced intro and projects out loud to yourself.
Practice a lot, cover all the basic problems and practice on GFG, Leetcode, Interviewbit.